Update time_tracking.md (#4)
basecamp/basecamp-classic-api: sections/time_tracking.md

Get all entries
---------------

* `GET /todo_items/#{todo_item_id}/time_entries.xml` returns all time entries associated with the given todo item, in descending order by date.
* `GET /projects/#{project_id}/time_entries.xml` returns a page full of time entries for the given project, in descending order by date.

> For the project time entrie request, each page contains up to 50 time entry records. To select a different page of data, set the `page` query parameter to a value greater than one. The `X-Records` HTTP header will be set to the total number of time entries in the project, `X-Pages` will be set to the total number of pages, and `X-Page` will be set to the current page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the project time entrie request, each page contains up to 50 time entry records. To select a specific page, set the `page` query parameter to 1 or larger. The `X-Records` HTTP header will be set to the total number of time entries in the project, `X-Pages` will be set to the total number of pages, and `X-Page` will be set to the current page.
```
